c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\bin\Debug\HEC.exe.config
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\bin\Debug\HEC.exe
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\bin\Debug\HEC.pdb
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\obj\Debug\HEC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\obj\Debug\HomeBase.g.cs
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\obj\Debug\HEC_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\obj\Debug\HEC_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\obj\Debug\HomeBase.baml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\obj\Debug\HEC.g.resources
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\obj\Debug\HEC.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\obj\Debug\HEC.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\obj\Debug\HEC.exe
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\obj\Debug\HEC.pdb
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\bin\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\bin\Debug\WindowsInput.dll
c:\users\clinton\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEC\HEC\bin\Debug\WindowsInput.xml
